README.md, before:

# Kris' KiCad Library

Contains symbols and footprints for:

## Modules and Breakouts
### Wireless/RF
- Adafruit [RFM95W Breakout Board](https://adafruit.com/product/3072) as "Breakout_RFM95W" (footprint same) [**Custom**].

## MCUs
- Raspberry Pi [RP-2040](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/microcontrollers/rp2040.html) as "RP2040TR7" (footprint QFN40P700X700X90-57N).

## SMD Components
### Resistors
- Panasonic [EXB-28VR000X](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/panasonic-electronic-components/EXB-28VR000X/417360) as "EXB-28VR000X" (footprint RESCAXS50P200X100X45-8N).
- Yageo [YC124-JR-071KL](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/yageo/YC124-JR-071KL/1004996) as "YC124-JR-071KL" (footprint RESCAXS50P200X100X45-8N, same as the EXB because the library footprint glitched).

### Capacitors
- Kyocera AVX [W2A4ZC104MAT2A](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/kyocera-avx/W2A4ZC104MAT2A/776804) as "W2A4ZC104MAT2A" (footprint same).

### Interconnects
- Molex [503398-1892](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/molex/5033981892/4555393) as "WM11190TR-ND" (footprint MOLEX_503398-1892).

### Crystal Oscillators
- Würth Elektronik [IQXO-794 831056262](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/w%C3%BCrth-elektronik/831056262/13900194) as "WE-SPXO Crystal Osc 12.00MHz" (footprint Oscillator_SMD_4pin_2.5x2.0mm) [**Custom**].

## SOIC Components
- onsemi [MMPQ2222A](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/onsemi/MMPQ2222A/458886) 4x NPN Transistor 40V 0.5A 16SOIC as "MMPQ2222A" (footprint SOIC127P600X175-16N).

## Through-Hole Components
### LEDs
- Kingbright [WP934TV-4LID](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/kingbright/WP934TV-4LID/6003266) 3mm Right Angle LED 4x High Efficiency as "WP934TV-4LID" (footprint same) [**Custom**].

Commit message:

Add SX176IMLTRT footprint, actually

README.md, after:

# Kris' KiCad Library
To be located at `/home/<user>/.local/share/kicad/6.0`. This could spill over into other custom libraries, so that may be changed in the future.

Contains symbols and footprints for:

## Modules and Breakouts
### Wireless/RF
- Adafruit [RFM95W Breakout Board](https://adafruit.com/product/3072) as "Breakout_RFM95W" (footprint same) [**Custom**].
- SemTech [SX1276 LoRa transceiver](https://www.semtech.com/products/wireless-rf/lora-connect/sx1276) as "SX1276IMLTRT" (footprint QFN65P600X600X100-29N).

## MCUs
- Raspberry Pi [RP-2040](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/microcontrollers/rp2040.html) as "RP2040TR7" (footprint QFN40P700X700X90-57N).

## SMD Components
### Resistors
- Panasonic [EXB-28VR000X](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/panasonic-electronic-components/EXB-28VR000X/417360) as "EXB-28VR000X" (footprint RESCAXS50P200X100X45-8N).
- Yageo [YC124-JR-071KL](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/yageo/YC124-JR-071KL/1004996) as "YC124-JR-071KL" (footprint RESCAXS50P200X100X45-8N, same as the EXB because the library footprint glitched).

### Capacitors
- Kyocera AVX [W2A4ZC104MAT2A](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/kyocera-avx/W2A4ZC104MAT2A/776804) as "W2A4ZC104MAT2A" (footprint same).

### Interconnects
- Molex [503398-1892](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/molex/5033981892/4555393) as "WM11190TR-ND" (footprint MOLEX_503398-1892).

### Crystal Oscillators
- Würth Elektronik [IQXO-794 831056262](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/w%C3%BCrth-elektronik/831056262/13900194) as "WE-SPXO Crystal Osc 12.00MHz" (footprint Oscillator_SMD_4pin_2.5x2.0mm) [**Custom**].

## SOIC Components
- onsemi [MMPQ2222A](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/onsemi/MMPQ2222A/458886) 4x NPN Transistor 40V 0.5A 16SOIC as "MMPQ2222A" (footprint SOIC127P600X175-16N).

## Through-Hole Components
### LEDs
- Kingbright [WP934TV-4LID](https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/kingbright/WP934TV-4LID/6003266) 3mm Right Angle LED 4x High Efficiency as "WP934TV-4LID" (footprint same) [**Custom**].
